v2.0.0 Release Docs Updates (#66)
helibproject/HElib: examples/README.md

## Introduction

The `examples` directory contains tutorials and standalone example programs
expressing the various APIs as well as a simple use-case using HElib. 

## What is provided

> The [tutorials](tutorial/) cover primarely the CKKS scheme and comprise 8 documented axamples 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [tutorials](tutorial/) cover primarily the CKKS scheme and comprise 8 documented examples 
```
